Unfortunately it probably does...that's because over 60 million Americans struggle with suboptimal sleep. And I should know, because I was one of them.


Hi, my name is Wade Lightheart - I’m the President and CoFounder of BIOptimizers.
I’m an advisor to the American Anti-Cancer Institute, a certified sports nutritionist, a 3-time All Natural National Bodybuilding Champion, and a former Mr. Universe Competitor...

And I struggled with extreme burnout that completely wrecked my sleep quality.

If you’ll stay with me for just a few minutes, I’ll show you exactly what helped me turn the combination of racing thoughts, sleep deprivation, and burnout on its head… You see...

For years I almost never had time to sleep. It didn’t matter that I was running a business, raising a family, and trying to be all things to all people. Sleep was a luxury I didn’t have and unfortunately I tried to learn how to live without it.

But as you can probably guess...that’s NOT exactly possible.

In short, my circadian rhythm (aka—my sleep/wake cycle) was out of whack. The circadian rhythm is like a 24-hour clock running in your body. It controls your ability to wake up and function normally throughout the day and then wind down so that you can fall asleep.


But mine was screwed up.

Aside from a few "catnaps," I was up days at a time with no sleep.

And for anyone who has ever experienced the joys of late night infomercials and reruns of Barney Miller, you know what I'm talking about.

I had to do something and I had to do it fast...but I didn’t know what to do...I’d tried all the popular solutions and nothing worked...but it would be months before I discovered the miracle I'm about to share.

Thanks to my business partner Matt.

And I promise anyone who tries what he revealed to me will be amazed at both its potent effects and its ease of use.

Especially those who feel anxious and worried about their lack of sleep...

Sometimes Experience trouble focusing…


Feel mentally "lost" or have trouble thinking clearly due to poor sleep

Or simply feel exhausted during the day and just don’t feel like themselves.

Believe me when I say I know how it feels.

Frankly, getting the best quality sleep was just what I needed.

However it doesn’t just suck, it’s dangerous too. Because sleep is how your body makes its daily repairs, heals, and rebuilds day-to-day wear and tear in your body. It’s also how your brain flushes out the waste that can gum up your brain cells.

When you can’t sleep… your body and mind suffer and all the "behind the scenes" regenerating doesn’t happen optimally. And that’s why I’m writing this today.

